I love the flag that is behind you I am from Ukraine Khmelnitsky city You are from the republics of Kazakhstan Atyrau city Do you know what kind of flag this is I love this fact This is the flag that will hang over the Kremlin by spring for two years and next year I am a blogger from Ukraine Yes I am  I’m leading the block here Stream and now I’ve communicated with Russia now I’ve come with Kazakhstan So you really cheered me up you yourself are Russian Kazakh who I am Kazakh with Russian me the thing is that it’s just me unfortunately I’m also Kazakh therefore we have equals therefore maybe I have  the audience, they are the majority so Russian and Ukrainian-speaking, it’s better like this, but look how I understand that you don’t support Russia’s war against Ukraine, so since you had a cool joke about creams, but you have people in Kazakhstan, for example, who obviously support Russia  of course Who are you but millions of these people and they live in the north of Kazakhstan and this is the same east of Ukraine was the same until 2014 until 2014 right there  were all crazy And this is the same situation we have and I live in the west We are every day We are afraid of what will come to mind for this bastard in the west This is where near the Caspian Well yes Near the cash register it is not where we were in this one or how Zhanaozin it was in  another city to the south in the west Well, yes, it’s very opportunely flattering that you know, when I read a little about the history of Kazakhstan. That Soviet then, too, there were protests there, the wife behind her and in Soviet times, too, Kazakhs.  anti-Soviet speeches were serious and one question On your table, one answer more precisely to your historical question we never had serfdom what we don’t have serfs they have serfs to this day  In Russia, Russians in general have servility to their superiors if the president is everything, that is, it’s, well, it’s kind of incomprehensible to say something against the authorities for them Well, then what about the master  he will kill or rape his wife or mother there Yes, it went to such a general level that they have a brain, what is more precisely left of him from a person from hams apience was transmitted to them in this Northern Kazakhstan  Here we will take away Northern Kazakhstan, I wanted to take away Almaty and rename it back, the right one was rightly called the right one later This is the father of apples Yes If I’m not mistaken, this is what area [music] it’s cool of course you especially have such bloggers How do you enlighten and literally oppose this one  bastard propaganda that invests billions of dollars, I’m sure you Well, you probably invested hundreds of thousands of hryvnias, you probably win your equipment at the same time By the way, a lot of people don’t know, for example, I got caught by the grandfather of Orenburg Recently I’m such a Russian straight No, I say Orenburg is the same  Kazakh lands a person lives in Orenburg is already old, he does not know that Orenburg was the first  the speech of Soviet Kazakhstan then it is called Kyrgyz USSR somehow it turns out that they do not know many housing Orenburg like the Orenburg region Where did the layer of the Russian region come from between the Turkic peoples between the Bashkirs and Kazakhs to reunite Absolutely right you argue and your subscribers I hope you will be listened to in  this kind of thing because it’s Absolutely true Orenburg is a primordially Kazakh land but we don’t have such zeal and return it well Kazakhs live there in Astrakhan too And we are a corridor to Europe, as if we really don’t need us, just like this simply suggested it My move out of hand  Alga Kazakhstan I say we never had such thoughts to take away from Russia No I understand Karakalpakstan So they are on caps It turns out they are related to the Kazakhs but not Kazakhs Or how is it generally considered a branch of the Kazakhs this is how I don’t know this is how  Crimean Tatars for the Tatars who live in Russia, okay, these are different difficulties of the Tatars who  e Kazan It seems like the descendants of the Volga Bulgars Crimean Tatars are nomads who they are closer most likely to you, maybe even closer, yes, not even the language is similar, but in general we support you We want the flag that hovered behind you over the red star there will be no Red  Stars Just over the Kremlin, just like this, how we put the flag on sleep, we already put the flag like this, yes, just put it at least as a symbolic one, and all because what is happening here will end quickly I hope that the collapse of Russia will simply be inevitable and  we don’t want how it will be Russia, we’ll take it Yes, even these Kazakhs who are sent to you to fight to kill Ukrainians Let them already dance there will rot in this Civil War, we will hardly somehow perceive this from us. Honestly, this is for these Kazakhs  we have nothing to do No, I saw your telegram channel too and they analyzed how many Kazakhs live in Russia in the Omsk region  in the Orenburg region, they sent and did an analysis of losses, what happens Kazakhs in this region, a certain percentage lives there and there are much more dead, that is, it is clear that Russia is pursuing such a policy of genocide of these peoples Let Ukraine Let your troops kill these here, it’s a pity of course they are, as it were, in number  they get there but no invaders there are no invaders and your troops must continue what it means even if the Ukrainians are on the side of Russia, well, how to fight there in Russia, there are also a lot of Ukrainians and you say to him he is the ancestors of a [ __ ] brain No more All this is Russian  the empire chews on the brain of a person and now he was not sitting, that’s why it’s not necessary if there are representatives of Ukraine among your subscribers, tell them so that they don’t have any pity Even in their thoughts, they didn’t even have a glimpse, because first of all you need to protect your lands  free your people from these filthy orcs. I, too, will most likely have this, I think Ros  this is no longer enough strength, I think I generally estimated that when last year when the troops were brought in, I thought that then these northern Kazakhstan would begin to have strength, there would no longer be strength and the international community had weakened Russia so much, so I think we will bite our teeth in Ukraine  So all the biggest thanks so positive all Alga Kazakhstan and Glory to Ukraine you will win don’t even hesitate handsome just a kid you know when you meet such a person you treat clearly the clarity of the position Yes yes it’s the occupiers all of us the truth in life everything is right it’s all simple You can clearly say if  your language starts to get confused, so your conscience does not allow you to say something, these Russians Well, yes, not definitely I really asked me something in Russian, I received great pleasure from
communicating with this person